# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.4 Learning activity

Project documentation using the Scrum framework for the planning and estimation phase.

### :blue_book: Instrucciones

- Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, carry out the project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as ** Notion **, or ** Confluence **, and it must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature ** A3.4_NombredelaActivity_NombreAlumno.pdf. **
- Your repository in addition to having a ** readme **. Md file in your root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index.
  
## :pencil2: Developing

1. Join your work team and start preparing what is requested below:
   - [x] 1.1 Identify the tasks for each user story.
   - [x] 1.2 Estimate the tasks using a digital tool.
   - [x] 1.3 Create the Sprint backlog with the tasks estimated in hours.
   - [x] 1.4 Build your gantt chart.
   - [x] 1.5 Identify dependencies of each task and relate it to the activity it depends on.
   - [x] 1.6 Prepare the Burn down chart of the sprint.

2. Present this information using visual and graphical tools within the sprint planning meeting.
3. Place a section with evidence that shows that they met to develop the activity as a team.



## Conclusions

 **Carlos Gallardo** 

 **Yessica Orihuela**

 **Merari Cortes**

 **María Sanabria**


#### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                 | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each of the points indicated in the Instructions section fulfilled?            | 10      |  | 5 |
| Development    | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered?     | 60      |
| Demostration  | Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?           | 20      |
| Conclusions  | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10      |

:house: [Go to github]()